feat: ignore IIFE's in the `no-loop-func` rule (#17528)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/no-loop-func.md

This error is raised to highlight a piece of code that may not work as you expect it to and could also indicate a misunderstanding of how the language works. Your code may run without any problems if you do not fix this error, but in some situations it could behave unexpectedly.

> This rule disallows any function within a loop that contains unsafe references (e.g. to modified variables from the outer scope). This rule ignores IIFEs but not async or generator functions.

Reviewer: We need to spell out what IIFE means because it wasn't mentioned earlier. Also cleaning up the language a bit.

```suggestion
This rule disallows any function within a loop, including async functions and generators, that contains unsafe references (e.g. to modified variables from the outer scope). This rule ignores immediately-invoked function expressions (IIFEs) because they do not persist outside of the loop and are therefore always safe.
```

    setTimeout(() => console.log(foo));
}
foo = 100;

var arr = [];

for (var i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
    arr.push((f => f)(() => i));
}

for (var i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
    arr.push((() => {
        return () => i;
    })());
}

for (var i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
    (function fun () {
        if (arr.includes(fun)) return i;
        else arr.push(fun);
    })();

> }

Reviewer: Is there a reason you used `var` in these examples instead of `let` as in previous ones?

Author: Yeah, it works as expected with `let`.

with `var` it would return [5, 5, 5, 5, 5] with let: `[0, 1, 2, 3, 4]`
